== Meeting information ==

 * #gentoo-kernel meeting, started by alicef, 30 Mar at 14:00 &mdash; 15:33 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Project:Kernel/meetings/gentoo-kernel/2021/gentoo-kernel.2021-03-30-14.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''ACTION:'' alicef GKernelCI updates  (alicef, 14:01)
 * ''LINK:'' https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/fs/xfs/xfstests-dev.git/   (Whissi, 14:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/Linaro/test-definitions/tree/master/automated/linux   (alicef, 14:11)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/montjoie/buildroot/blob/montjoie/board/montjoie/kexec/grub/rootfs-overlay/sbin/init for details  (montjoie, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://www.hpe.com/us/en/servers/integrated-lights-out-ilo.html and Dell is https://www.delltechnologies.com/en-gb/solutions/openmanage/idrac.htm for ref.  (kveremitz, 14:45)
 * ''AGREED:'' on whissi workflow  (alicef, 14:46)
 * ''ACTION:'' whissi EAPI 7  (alicef, 14:59)
 * ''HELP:''   (kveremitz, 15:02)
 * ''ACCEPTED:''   (alicef, 15:15)
 * ''ACCEPTED:'' gkernelci  (alicef, 15:15)
 * ''ACCEPTED:'' gkernelci  (alicef, 15:15)
 * ''VOTE:'' GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)? (Carried)  (alicef, 15:16)
 * ''VOTE:'' eapi7 workflow of reviewing current patches from the bug and add than add whissi work gradually (Carried)  (alicef, 15:18)
 * ''ACTION:'' open space  (alicef, 15:25)
 * ''HELP:''   (alicef, 15:25)
 *   (alicef, 15:26)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Project:Kernel/meetings/gentoo-kernel/2021/gentoo-kernel.2021-03-30-14.00.log.html#11|GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)?]]
  * Motion carried (For: 3, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: alicef, mpagano, mpagano, Whissi, alicef, Whissi, mpagano, mpagano, mpagano, Whissi, mpagano
 * [[https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Project:Kernel/meetings/gentoo-kernel/2021/gentoo-kernel.2021-03-30-14.00.log.html#310|eapi7 workflow of reviewing current patches from the bug and add than add whissi work gradually]]
  * Motion carried (For: 3, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: alicef, Whissi, mpagano



== Action items, by person ==

 * alicef
  * alicef GKernelCI updates
 * Whissi
  * whissi EAPI 7
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * open space



== People present (lines said) ==

 * alicef (136)
 * kveremitz (90)
 * Whissi (58)
 * AlicefBot (35)
 * montjoie (26)
 * mpagano (25)
 * juippis (9)
 * sam_ (4)
 * dm0 (2)
 * willikins (1)



== Full log ==


 14:00 <alicef> #startmeeting

 14:00 <AlicefBot> Meeting started at 14:00:24 UTC.  The chair is alicef.  Information about MeetBot at https://github.com/GKernelCI/Gmeetbot

 14:00 <AlicefBot> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:00 <kveremitz> I'm mostly gonna be here, but I have a plumber fixin my hot water today

 14:01 <alicef> #action alicef GKernelCI updates

 14:01 * AlicefBot alicef GKernelCI updates

 14:01 <alicef> kveremitz: ok

 14:01 <alicef> - currently because of improved testing for each linux-patch commit gkernelci became slow.

 14:02 <alicef> - current architecture under test amd64 (clang, gcc) arm64 arm ppc64 sparc

 14:02 <alicef> - GKernelCI logo approval https://bugs.gentoo.org/777972

 14:03 <alicef> #vote GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)?

 14:03 <AlicefBot> Please vote on: GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)?

 14:03 <AlicefBot> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 14:04 <alicef> what's this...

 14:04 <alicef> whissi any idea on this ?

 14:04 <Whissi> Well.

 14:04 <mpagano> so no boot test ?

 14:04 <alicef> if not how we can improve it and what tests are missing ?

 14:05 <mpagano> I boot test every one

 14:05 <Whissi> When we decided to stable KV $x, we can use GKernelCI for the next steps, yes.

 14:05 <mpagano> usually Whissi points out major bugs we are waiting on

 14:05 <alicef> boot test should be ok by stabilization page if afair

 14:05 <mpagano> bugs reported on other distros

 14:05 <Whissi> But I don't see GKernelCI ready to tell us when the next version is good for stabilization

 14:05 <mpagano> some from our users, etc

 14:06 <Whissi> We still have to monitor mailing list because we have almost zero test coverage in GKernelCi

 14:06 <alicef> Whissi: sure, I agree

 14:06 <alicef> we are doing kselftest but would be nice to implement specifics test with kselftest or some other tool

 14:07 <Whissi> kselftest is nice to have, yes. But it never catched any serious bugs in LTS I am aware of.

 14:07 <alicef> but still is complicated without the device at hand

 14:07 <Whissi> The minimum possible suites would include xfs test suite for example

 14:08 <Whissi> I think BTRFS has also one

 14:08 <kveremitz> I don't think our automated testing framework can cover enough potential configurations to be used exclusively for stabilisation. I would like to think that upstream already performs basic testing like we are...

 14:08 <alicef> xfs have a specific test suite ?

 14:08 <Whissi> Yes

 14:09 <kveremitz> also, we have always prided ourselves in Gentoo on testing with Real Hardware.

 14:09 <alicef> this one https://github.com/zfsonlinux/xfstests ?

 14:09 <Whissi> I still don't know if you boot a base image. In that case we could also make sure to do some stuff in user space like configuring it to check if it was able to mount an additional LUKS-encrypted partition...

 14:09 <kveremitz> But its a very useful baseline check to see that our patching and toolchains work correctly

 14:09 <alicef> Whissi: yes we boot a base image

 14:09 <alicef> we are hacking stage3 for rootfs

 14:10 <kveremitz> we can build up the rootfs/etc to incorporate more configurations

 14:10 <Whissi> https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/fs/xfs/xfstests-dev.git/

 14:10 <alicef> luks-encrypted would be useful :)

 14:10 <alicef> I also use luks

 14:10 <kveremitz> what does the lava framework provide?

 14:10 <alicef> Whissi: thanks for the link

 14:10 <alicef> there are lava testsuite

 14:11 <alicef> but they need to be reimplemented for GKernelCI

 14:11 <alicef> https://github.com/Linaro/test-definitions/tree/master/automated/linux

 14:12 <alicef> I don't see xfstests-dev or luks test

 14:12 <kveremitz> is kselftest and lava just pre-defined tests, how can we adapt to test the things we want/need to .. ?

 14:13 <kveremitz> eg. luks, xfs, zfs? etc

 14:13 <alicef> Whissi: can I for example wrote here (https://bugs.gentoo.org/778824) what works with GKernelCI

 14:13 <kveremitz> alicef: is there a roadmap doc for GkernelCI ?

 14:13 <alicef> kveremitz: read kselftest documentation is really nice about how to implement new tests

 14:13 <alicef> kveremitz: no that's why I'm asking

 14:14 <Whissi> alicef: Sorry, I don't understand. What do want to do exactly?

 14:15 <alicef> like works for amd64 or some other architecture under GKernelCI?

 14:15 <alicef> GKernelCI tests can be used in the stabilization bug ?

 14:16 <alicef> I can manually write what work for GKernelCI

 14:16 <alicef> and what not

 14:16 <Whissi> Well, the question would be how we are going to use the results once we decided to go and just wait for GKCI results

 14:17 <kveremitz> alicef: are you proposing filing automated bugs for kernelCI runs? I don't see how the stabilisation bugs can be integrated?

 14:17 <alicef> if could be useful

 14:17 <Whissi> Like GKCI could create commit scripts in tatt style

 14:17 <Whissi> Just post to bugs and we pick up and do the commit..

 14:17 <alicef> yes that would be nice

 14:18 <kveremitz> it would be good to file bugs with upstream test results potentially, so there is one source in Gentoo to check results?

 14:18 <alicef> kveremitz: we are already doing that with kcidb -> kernelci

 14:20 <kveremitz> err.. file Gentoo bugs with upstream test results. Was what I meant :D

 14:20 <kveremitz> to combine data sources

 14:20 <kveremitz> eg. from other distros

 14:20 <Whissi> Wait, I am not sure if we all are talking about the same at the moment :D

 14:21 <Whissi> Let me recap

 14:21 <alicef> kveremitz: yes that is what kernelci is currently working on

 14:21 <alicef> Whissi: thanks

 14:21 <kveremitz> sorry .. I'm probably crossing wires..

 14:21 <Whissi> For now, GKernelCI won't do anything on its own.

 14:21 <alicef> kveremitz: we are going bit off topic

 14:21 <Whissi> Once we decided to stabilize linux-5.10.27 for example

 14:21 <Whissi> because we (humans :p) haven't found any blocking stuff

 14:22 <Whissi> We will do the stabilization bug like we do it all the time

 14:22 <kveremitz> ^ agreed so far :D

 14:22 <Whissi> But in addition, based on CI results, we can mark gentoo-sources stable on our own

 14:22 <Whissi> (after we started normal stabilization)

 14:22 <mpagano> that I like

 14:24 <kveremitz> hmm.. are you implying a parallel process?

 14:24 <kveremitz> and is this a 'global' or 'local' stabilisation 'flag'?

 14:24 <alicef> if we can do xfstest-dev and luks encryption test, how the workflow would be improved ?

 14:26 <Whissi> I don't think that this will really affect the workflow. It will only give us more confidence.

 14:26 <alicef> Whissi: ok

 14:26 <alicef> +1 for whissi workflow

 14:26 <AlicefBot> +1 for whissi workflow received from alicef

 14:27 <alicef> any other vote ?

 14:28 <mpagano> +1

 14:28 <AlicefBot> +1 received from mpagano

 14:28 <mpagano> +1 for mpagano

 14:28 <AlicefBot> +1 for mpagano received from mpagano

 14:28 <kveremitz> from what I am seeing/reading.. there is no change here, process stays the same, but when doing [manual] stabilisations, we can verify GkernelCI results .. right?

 14:28 <mpagano> nice

 14:28 <Whissi> We maybe need to talk about our long term goal regarding fully automatization.

 14:29 <alicef> Whissi: yes

 14:29 <kveremitz> Whissi: hence my question about a Roadmap (this being the normal process for establishing and tracking goals)

 14:29 <alicef> Whissi: also you can open isssues on gkernelci or gentoo bugs about gkernelci

 14:29 <Whissi> My problem is that we don't test on real hardware. While anything we test would be an improvement already vs status quo, we still don't run kernels on real hardware.

 14:29 <Whissi> So we will not test real hardware issues.

 14:30 <Whissi> And the blockers for 5.10 stabilization for example were all i915 and AMD graphics

 14:30 <alicef> Whissi: I would be happy to have some sponsored real hardware machine :D

 14:30 <kveremitz> aye, recent issues have been graphics, ^ and networking

 14:31 <alicef> they should be not complicated to implement the testing part with lava

 14:32 <Whissi> But how would that work?

 14:32 <montjoie> (being late) I have already LAVA tests for luks

 14:32 <alicef> so if you have some machine that is similar to a production machine that you want to test

 14:32 <alicef> montjoie: nice !

 14:33 <alicef> montjoie: how would work implementing real hardware for testing with lava ?

 14:33 <montjoie> I dont understand the question. you mean does it is possible ? or howto ?

 14:33 <Whissi> At work I have created some PXE setups... i.e. these systems will pull in everything needed to boot via network. When a reboot is triggered we have a timer... when the system won't come up until timeout is reached, we assume failure.

 14:34 <kveremitz> Whissi: that sounds useful

 14:34 <montjoie> real hardware is possible (it is what kernelci do)

 14:34 <Whissi> In our case we are using Dell hardware where we can access iDRAC remotely for stuff like power cycle.

 14:34 <montjoie> for x86 I have already some board in LAVA

 14:34 <alicef> yes

 14:34 <kveremitz> how can we integrate this/these systems with GkernelCI ?

 14:35 <Whissi> But I am not sure if this will help us to detect i915 failures for example.

 14:35 <montjoie> you just have to generate a LAVA job

 14:35 <montjoie> my x86 has a i915, point me to a kernel failure and I can try to reproduce

 14:36 <alicef> should be like adding devices for different servers

 14:36 <alicef> something like this https://lava.ciplatform.org/scheduler/alldevices

 14:37 <Whissi> montjoie: See the "[Intel-gfx] [5.10.y regression] i915 clear-residuals mitigation is causing gfx issues" thread

 14:37 <kveremitz> sounds promising

 14:37 <kveremitz> I thought this was the idea of Lava :)

 14:37 <Whissi> I am not that familiar with LAVA, wondering how LAVA should detect something like that.

 14:37 <montjoie> the only problem in x86 is that pxe is not ~~~reliable for console output

 14:37 <montjoie> I hit many big problem

 14:38 <kveremitz> true .. that's where a BMC/etc would be more useful

 14:38 <kveremitz> wrt remote consoles

 14:38 <montjoie> for example my x86 send s..t to console so... I have a kernel which boot a rootfs, and init is a fake grub shell

 14:38 <kveremitz> Lava should have handling for that .. although it might not

 14:38 <montjoie> then it kexecto final kernel

 14:38 <kveremitz> oof yuk

 14:38 <montjoie> result is 100% stable

 14:39 <montjoie> stable since you use kernel console and not pxe one

 14:39 <kveremitz> stable+reliable is good

 14:39 <montjoie> for CI you NEED reliable

 14:39 <kveremitz> reproducible+consistent, even better :D

 14:39 <kveremitz> right

 14:39 <montjoie> you can deploy this everywhere, I do the same for some shitty ARM board

 14:39 <montjoie> but it is uboot fake in that case

 14:40 <kveremitz> cool .. I

 14:40 <kveremitz> cool, I'd be interested in testing/deploying that across my different hardware also

 14:40 <alicef> Whissi: if you are willing to sponsor a server we could try to add it to lava workflow

 14:40 <kveremitz> although I won't be devising lava tests for some of the known peculiarities :D

 14:41 <montjoie> https://github.com/montjoie/buildroot/blob/montjoie/board/montjoie/kexec/grub/rootfs-overlay/sbin/init for details

 14:41 <kveremitz> *bookmarked*

 14:41 <Whissi> heh, sadly, not possible for me.

 14:41 <Whissi> But we maybe able to ask foundation to do that...

 14:41 <Whissi> Doesn't have to be a beefy server

 14:41 <alicef> Whissi: sure

 14:41 <Whissi> Just a Dell system with proper iDRAC...

 14:42 <alicef> I don't know what server you want to test

 14:42 <kveremitz> I'm sure foundation has toasters :D heh. OSUOSL might be able to help out .. worth asking Ramereth in the channel

 14:42 <alicef> if you give me some specs I can try to ask to foundation

 14:42 <kveremitz> .. #osuosl

 14:42 <alicef> a dell system with iDrac

 14:43 <juippis> I've got some old HP proliant rack computer from 2011-2012 under my bed if that's use for anyone :P

 14:43 <alicef> also infra would be better to have testing enviroments

 14:43 <Whissi> Before we are asking for money/donation it would be cool if we have a working PoC in a lab or something. Would be a shame if we ask for something which we would be unable to use in the end.

 14:43 <montjoie> just for finish the solution, I use a power switch, a energenie-USB (~40€)

 14:43 <kveremitz> Whissi: +1

 14:43 <juippis> I can also visit hetzner in finland if you got foundation funding to place something in there

 14:44 <kveremitz> juippis: +1.. I also have a ProLiant with its .. thing.

 14:44 <alicef> anyway for now whissi can you vote on the workflow you proposed ?

 14:44 <kveremitz> iLo is HP

 14:45 <kveremitz> https://www.hpe.com/us/en/servers/integrated-lights-out-ilo.html and Dell is https://www.delltechnologies.com/en-gb/solutions/openmanage/idrac.htm for ref.

 14:45 <kveremitz> same principle

 14:45 <alicef> and I will try to close the vote

 14:45 <Whissi> +1 for whissi workflow

 14:45 <AlicefBot> +1 for whissi workflow received from Whissi

 14:46 <kveremitz> #votes

 14:46 <kveremitz> heh

 14:46 <montjoie> Whissi: I see your link, but does this can be tested automatacly ?

 14:46 <alicef> #agree on whissi workflow

 14:46 <AlicefBot> AGREED: on whissi workflow

 14:46 <alicef> #voted

 14:47 <Whissi> montjoie: Which link? I posted multiple links ;)

 14:47 <montjoie> [Intel-gfx] [5.10.y regression] i915 clear-residuals mitigation is causing gfx issues" thread

 14:47 <kveremitz> heh I have one of those for my router/modem (usb power switch) attached to a rpi :D

 14:48 <Whissi> montjoie: Well, that's actually my question...

 14:48 <montjoie> time to create an issue to dig this

 14:48 <kveremitz> good idea +1

 14:49 <montjoie> alicef: any place where i915, luks etc test related issue should be created ? ghelper probably since it own the lava generate stuff right ?

 14:50 <alicef> ghelper is ok

 14:50 <alicef> in any case all issues get into the main project folder

 14:50 <alicef> so it dosen't matter too much where you open the issue

 14:51 <alicef> montjoie: -> https://github.com/orgs/GKernelCI/projects/2

 14:51 <kveremitz> 👍

 14:52 <alicef> the only repository that dosen't catch is the gmeetbot probably

 14:53 <alicef> #vote everyone ok with the GKernelCI logo https://bugs.gentoo.org/777972 ?

 14:53 <AlicefBot> Voting still open on: GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)?

 14:53 <alicef> +1

 14:53 <AlicefBot> +1 received from alicef

 14:54 <alicef> mpagano: Whissi  ?

 14:55 <Whissi> +1

 14:55 <AlicefBot> +1 received from Whissi

 14:55 <alicef> mpagano: ?

 14:56 <mpagano> +1

 14:56 <AlicefBot> +1 received from mpagano

 14:56 <mpagano> that would be great for me

 14:56 <alicef> we can close the discussion on gkernelci ?

 14:57 <montjoie> Whissi: https://drm.pages.freedesktop.org/igt-gpu-tools/igt-i915-tests.html :D

 14:57 <alicef> montjoie+1

 14:57 <alicef> montjoie +1

 14:57 <alicef> thanks!

 14:57 <Whissi> montjoie: Sure but I don't know if it would catch the reported problem ;)

 14:57 <montjoie> kveremitz: https://storage.kernelci.org/mainline/master/v5.12-rc5/x86_64/x86_64_defconfig/gcc-8/lab-clabbe/baseline-d2500cc.html log of grubfake solution

 14:58 <montjoie> Whissi: I will try

 14:58 <Whissi> Cool, thanks

 14:58 <alicef> if there are no other dicussion topic for gkernelci, let's move to eapi 7

 14:59 <alicef> #action whissi EAPI 7

 14:59 * AlicefBot whissi EAPI 7

 14:59 <kveremitz> I like the idea of artwork approval, but can the amateur lawyers get themselves sorted out, so that this is Feasible? otherwise we can only vote on interest, not action

 14:59 <kveremitz> montjoie: thanks!

 15:00 <mpagano> Whissi: how can we help on EAPI 7

 15:00 <alicef> kveremitz: currently the vote is only interest, there is a discussion if is about law ok or notin another bug

 15:00 <kveremitz> alicef: ok

 15:00 <alicef> Whissi: how we can help?

 15:00 <kveremitz> I vote the legal stuff is fixed :D

 15:01 <kveremitz> And I vote for more artwork :D

 15:01 <kveremitz> #topic

 15:01 <alicef> kveremitz: plese don't go off topic XD

 15:01 <kveremitz> heh

 15:01 <Whissi> Well.

 15:02 <kveremitz> #help

 15:02 <kveremitz> what are the damn thingies LOL

 15:02 <alicef> kveremitz: only chair can do it

 15:03 <Whissi> Like said I was working on completely new EAPI 7 eclasses to get rid of all the old hacks.

 15:03 <kveremitz> Whissi: how far along are you?

 15:03 <juippis> "I was" and not "I am" sounds bad :I

 15:04 <Whissi> But I am stuck because of time. I have a working draft for basic gentoo-sources...

 15:04 <kveremitz> since there is a real chance Someone could commit another 'hack' to the stack to serve Their immediate purposes...

 15:04 <alicef> Whissi: how can we help ?

 15:04 <kveremitz> ^

 15:04 <Whissi> but it would break with some stuff.

 15:04 <juippis> wasn't there a proposition in the mailing list to update kernel-2.eclass with EAPI-7 compatibility?

 15:04 <juippis> did someone look at that?

 15:05 <dm0> bug #702280

 15:05 <willikins> dm0: https://bugs.gentoo.org/702280 "kernel-2.eclass: add EAPI=7 support"; Gentoo Linux, Eclasses; CONF; slyfox:kernel

 15:05 <kveremitz> yes, this was my point ..

 15:05 <Whissi> I am actually not sure if I (we) should continue that path or if we should try to migrate existing eclass to EAPI 7 following the proposed patch (which I still need to review).

 15:05 <kveremitz> we can continue "plastering over" problems..

 15:06 <juippis> Whissi: what are the faulty points in kernel-2.eclass you're trying to fix with new eclass?

 15:06 <sam_> a lot of the variables are not documented

 15:06 <kveremitz> I have a proposal for splitting unipatch function, which I would welcome review/feedback/patches (its horribly crude at present)

 15:06 <alicef> Whissi: which one is faster and reliable ?

 15:06 <kveremitz> unipatches at present uses the incorrect phase function(s)

 15:06 <Whissi> I mean, the patch looks small. I don't like the idea to keep some stuff... but when we re-invent the wheel... let's allow them to use EAPI 7 and do the other work when we have time for that. At least I won't have time for that in the next weeks.

 15:06 <Whissi> So faster would be reviewing patches for now

 15:07 <juippis> kveremitz: src_unpack instead of _prepare?

 15:07 <alicef> Whissi: I think that should be a good idea

 15:07 <kveremitz> what are the problems with not having EAPI-7 support for kernel ebuilds at present?

 15:07 <juippis> (which is hell annoying btw)

 15:07 <kveremitz> juippis: yes, basically

 15:08 <kveremitz> juippis: my version has components of unipatch in each function, for the relevant parts

 15:08 <alicef> Whissi: would be ok for you to review the current patches and add your work gradually ?

 15:09 <Whissi> yes

 15:09 <kveremitz> juippis: happy to throw the hacked version to a gist for comments/improvements/etc

 15:09 <kveremitz> ideally it needs quite a bit of work to split it more cleanly

 15:09 <kveremitz> but .. back on-topic..

 15:10 <juippis> I guess the problem with EAPI-6 is cross-compile not being consistend due to it. And some over-eager Gentoo devs have already opened a tracker bug to remove EAPI-6...

 15:10 <Whissi> :p

 15:10 <alicef> Whissi: we need a vote on that workflow ? mpagano is ok for you ?

 15:11 <mpagano> perfect

 15:11 <mpagano> +1

 15:11 <AlicefBot> +1 received from mpagano

 15:11 <alicef> wait...

 15:11 <alicef> not sure what you voted for lol

 15:11 <mpagano> the workflow

 15:11 <Whissi> He voted to send me some Easter eggs!

 15:12 <mpagano> I think the proposal was review and apply the patch from the bug, while we work in parallel on fixing it the way we want to

 15:12 <alicef> yes but there was no #vote

 15:12 <mpagano> ok

 15:12 <mpagano> -1

 15:12 <AlicefBot> -1 received from mpagano

 15:12 <alicef> so i have no idea where the bot added your vote XD

 15:12 <sam_> (It's largely a placeholder for stuff like 'eclasses don't support', rather than killing every single EAPI 6 ebuild right now.)

 15:13 <alicef> #vote eapi7 workflow of reviewing current patches from the bug and add than add whissi work gradually

 15:13 <AlicefBot> Voting still open on: GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)?

 15:13 <Whissi> +1

 15:13 <AlicefBot> +1 received from Whissi

 15:13 <alicef> #voted

 15:14 <mpagano> +1

 15:14 <AlicefBot> +1 received from mpagano

 15:14 <alicef> #vote eapi7 workflow of reviewing current patches from the bug and add than add whissi work gradually

 15:14 <AlicefBot> Voting still open on: GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)?

 15:14 <alicef> eeeh how do i close vote ...

 15:14 <alicef> #voted

 15:14 <alicef> #vote eapi7 workflow of reviewing current patches from the bug and add than add whissi work gradually

 15:14 <AlicefBot> Voting still open on: GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)?

 15:15 <alicef> #accepted

 15:15 <alicef> #accepted gkernelci

 15:15 <alicef> #accept gkernelci

 15:15 <alicef> #vote eapi7 workflow of reviewing current patches from the bug and add than add whissi work gradually

 15:15 <AlicefBot> Voting still open on: GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)?

 15:16 <alicef> #endvote

 15:16 <AlicefBot> Voting ended on: GKernelCI builded and tested genpatches can be stabilized (at least writing stable on bugzilla)?

 15:16 <AlicefBot> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 15:16 <AlicefBot> Motion carried

 15:16 <alicef> ooooh

 15:16 <alicef> #vote eapi7 workflow of reviewing current patches from the bug and add than add whissi work gradually

 15:16 <AlicefBot> Please vote on: eapi7 workflow of reviewing current patches from the bug and add than add whissi work gradually

 15:16 <AlicefBot> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 15:16 <alicef> +1

 15:16 <AlicefBot> +1 received from alicef

 15:16 <alicef> ok you can now vote :)

 15:16 <sam_> this bot is fun

 15:16 <Whissi> +1

 15:16 <AlicefBot> +1 received from Whissi

 15:17 <kveremitz> fixed :D

 15:17 * alicef first time using meetbot :/

 15:17 <kveremitz> teething issues, we'll get past it

 15:17 <alicef> mpagano you can vote now

 15:17 <kveremitz> having records will be good though

 15:17 <sam_> yeah, it's neat

 15:17 <alicef> kveremitz: that's what I hope

 15:18 <mpagano> +1

 15:18 <AlicefBot> +1 received from mpagano

 15:18 <alicef> also the log are much more simple to add to the wiki

 15:18 <alicef> actually I could do it automatically

 15:18 <kveremitz> I will hopefully get my test setup working again soon. I'm intrigued now to add lava jobs to it

 15:18 <alicef> #endvote

 15:18 <AlicefBot> Voting ended on: eapi7 workflow of reviewing current patches from the bug and add than add whissi work gradually

 15:18 <AlicefBot> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 15:18 <AlicefBot> Motion carried

 15:19 <kveremitz> ^ \\o/

 15:19 <alicef> any other discussion on eapi7 ? or we can move on?

 15:20 <alicef> ok let's move on

 15:21 <kveremitz> quick query .. are there real cross-compile issues with kernels? how are thes.. no wait, not sure I wanna know. Historically, ebuilds don't build kernels.

 15:21 <kveremitz> so this would be a New Feature.

 15:22 <dm0> Cross-compiling dist-kernels mostly works fine.  There are a couple bugs for them, though.

 15:22 <alicef> I think we finished today topics

 15:22 <alicef> anything to add ?

 15:23 <montjoie> kveremitz: use lava-docker for simple test

 15:23 <montjoie> or if you want to play I have ebuilds for it

 15:23 <alicef> or something that i forgot

 15:23 <kveremitz> montjoie: gotcha, thanks

 15:23 <alicef> mpagano: we need a vote for divide genpatches-misc form linux-patches repository ?

 15:24 <kveremitz> ^ sounds good +1 from me

 15:25 <alicef> #ACTION open space

 15:25 * AlicefBot open space

 15:25 <kveremitz> #proposal split genpatches-misc branch from linux-patches to new repo

 15:25 <alicef> i think the bot dosen't have proposal

 15:25 <alicef> #help

 15:26 <alicef> #info

 15:26 <kveremitz> I should have perhaps grokd the bot before, but we can figure this out going forward

 15:26 <alicef> mpagano ?

 15:26 <mpagano> that's fiine

 15:27 <alicef> mpagano: any other topic ?

 15:27 <mpagano> not from me

 15:27 <alicef> Whissi: any other topic ?

 15:27 <kveremitz> alicef: date of next meeting? or poll?

 15:27 <mpagano> lead election

 15:27 <alicef> you should have already got the poll

 15:28 <alicef> i think is 11/04 next meeting

 15:28 <Whissi> nope

 15:28 <alicef> lead election mail is probably tomorrow

 15:28 <mpagano> ok

 15:28 <alicef> or we can do it here ?

 15:29 <alicef> as everyone is present

 15:29 <mpagano> it's all good to me

 15:29 <Whissi> yup

 15:29 <kveremitz> alicef: where did you send it?!

 15:29 * kveremitz is losing emails or something .. >,<

 15:29 <alicef> yup do it here or yup mail ?

 15:30 <kveremitz> alas my old iee.org email is now defunct

 15:30 <kveremitz> 11/04 fine here.. 2pm UTC seems to work

 15:30 <kveremitz> somehow I had it 2pm BST here -facepalm-

 15:31 <alicef> kveremitz: I sended three reminder for meeting poll

 15:32 <alicef> kveremitz: kernel@gentoo.org and gentoo-kernel@lists.gentoo.org

 15:32 <kveremitz> really? I know you DM'd me . but only had one.... uhoh..

 15:32 <kveremitz> I wonder which alias I'm sub'd to .. :/

 15:32 <alicef> ok if there is anything else I will try to close this meeting

 15:32 <alicef> there isn't

 15:33 <kveremitz> done here

 15:33 <alicef> #save

 15:33 <alicef> #endmeeting


